New Cloud article for extraction error "Type not found" (#2505)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Troubleshooting/Deployments/Type-Not-Found/index.md

---
versionFrom: 7.0.0
---

# Extraction error: "Type not found! "

This issue will present itself as an extraction error on your target environment for a deploy.

> ![Extraction error on Live](images/Error_Environment.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Extraction error on Live](images/Error_environment.png)
```

The extraction error happens with two Document Types where one of them have been allowed as a child node type for  the other Document Type.

> If the Document Type that have been allowed as the child is then deleted,
> 
> the references for the child Document Type is not removed from the parent Document Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Document Type that have been allowed as the child is then deleted, the references for the child Document Type is not removed from the parent Document Type.
```

> Because the parent Document Type still have the references from the deleted child Document Type,
> 
> the environment will throw an extraction error telling us that it can not find the Document Type that is allowed as a child
> 
> when trying to deploy to the next environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the parent Document Type still has the references from the deleted child Document Type, the environment will throw an extraction error when trying to deploy to the next environment. The error will tell us that it can not find the Document Type that is allowed as a child.
```

## How to resolve the extraction error

Open the **More info** to see the details for the error message.

> ![Extraction error on Live](images/Extraction_error.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Extraction error on Live](images/Extraction_Error.png)
```

In the case illustrated above the extraction error is saying:

    "Document type c3bedefc-7eab-4ee2-9941-920ecc9b09b2 not found! This Document type is listed
    

>     as an allowed child content type of parent Document type Test1 with id: 1087, and guid: 4a06f910-7b1b-4ad6-84db-72481b1ae529"

Reviewer: How about adding this error message into a code block using ``` ? 🤔  

Here's an example:

```
Document type c3bedefc-7eab-4ee2-9941-920ecc9b09b2 not found! This Document type is listed as an allowed child content type of parent Document type Test1 with id: 1087, and guid: 4a06f910-7b1b-4ad6-84db-72481b1ae529
```

Author: That makes total sense! I have just added it and pushed it up  😄

> To resolve the extraction error go to the backoffice of the environment, which you are deploying from and
> 
> find the Document Type that is listed as the parent for the deleted Document Type in the error message,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the extraction error go to the backoffice of the environment, which you are deploying from and find the Document Type that is listed as the parent for the deleted Document Type in the error message.
```

> in this case it is the Document Type *"test1"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case that is the Document Type *"test1"*.
```

Resave the parent Document Type so that the references to the deleted child Document Type will be removed from the parent Document Type.

> After the Document Type have been saved again make a new deploy and you will see that the deploy will go through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Document Type have been saved again make a new deploy and you will see that the deploy will go through.
```

> and the environment will be green and the deploy have successfully gone through without any errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment will be green and the deployment has successfully gone through without any errors.
```
